we're going back for igon which we
already know we got an enhanced full
with them they call him igon he's
missing an eye
the fights kind of even know you got a
one-eyed alligator and a one-legged Gus
maybe he'll be in a good mood
the second Gator move of the day is the
bull known as igon after months of
rehabilitation and a private enclosure
he now weighs in at 600 pounds he was
inside a pen with much bigger Gators if
he tried to get in the water with them
they'd whoop him up he lost a lot of
weight and we put him into this area we
had here with a smaller pit and actually
would feed him every day and he probably
put on 50 pounds or so you know got real
healthy looking at all the extra weight
will help igon fend for himself
once he's relocated are you ready for
this man hopefully we don't uh we don't
get charged at today I'm gonna try to
get him to eat up four chickens for four
chickens a day who used to get his
energy up and move on about his way
don't let me go in today igon are you
gonna charge me I gone
he likes to charge out action hopefully
he won't today I'll be able to get in a
feeding
not I have to feed with me outside of
the gate over the gate big guy got
hungry get a new home
we'll get him fed up one way or another
you ready oh yeah you ready here all
right big guy you ready 1 2 3 there you
go that's one whole chicken down
hurt
almost done
we're there for chickens down I think
we're good you can go back to your
swimming home now
there he goes